Who is that?
How to stop is a treasure
It's none of our business that he danced by himself
Am I not guilty?
Is he soon to be innocent?
Follow Me Shanghai
So what's going on?
I earned it by Gu Shao
It's him. It's him.
Fucking around with other men in the classroom
It's not worth it for such a woman
Warn you
Qian Weiwei is the daughter of my Gu family
It's my sister Gu Huai's biological sister
From now on
As long as you dare to say a slanderous word
I will definitely send you to hell
You wouldn't dare!
I was wrong, Master Gu, you better admit it obediently
Otherwise, I will definitely make your life worse than death
Do you hear me?
Yes I saw it with my own eyes
He took Tian Weiwei away
Then something happened to Tian Weiwei